I I swear this movie was written by
Alice after she was tripping on those
shrooms in Wonderland like for me it's a
solid rent it because of all the Easter
eggs you know I like pausing and scoping
them all out and I actually think that
national treasure joke was Superman was
hilarious because Superman has played by
frickin Nicolas Cage but then if you
yourself aren't high off edibles or
under the age of 12 I don't know how
many dance numbers you can stomach or an
entire waffle fight sequence that ends
that end with a fart if that's your
thing then you know maybe a junior price
but what stood out to me was something
in the after credits something that's
looking to break timelines renew
contracts and honestly just took me by
surprise
let me explain so the whole point of
having a Teen Titans movie where they're
struggling to get their own movie in
this movie because there's too many
superhero movies is extremely meta even
more meta is that the villain Slade
Wilson is dressing up as a director
named Jade Wilson because he has plans
on mind controlling people with a mass
amounts of blockbusters in a blockbuster
so I don't even know what to call this
after credits where they kind of glitch
to reveal the original Teen Titans that
ended way back in no 6c before they
rebooted them into these oompa loompa
looking cartoons which I'm a cartoon I'm
not discriminating but before they added
the go to the series they had an OG
series that had five seasons and it was
so good now there's this tweet from
voice actress Tara Strong which I find
it funny that it's the same same voice
actors are both but she had tweeted out
about how if this movie does well at the
box office then they might just continue
the original Teen Titans series and the
teens are in go series how I don't get
me wrong I would love to see the classic
Teen Titans come back I love that show
you know it was it was actually my dream
to one day be cast as an extra in an
episode before they got canceled
but how like I get that nobody cares
about continuity anymore right
you know we're talking about the DC
live-action movies and they want to
there's a rumor about switching out
Batman they they're looking at a new
Joker I mean damn it Stanley pulled a
Verizon dude in this movie and made a
cameo in a DC film nothing is sacred but
the thing is you know you have a company
like Marvel who mostly has the shows on
Netflix if they're mature ABC for the
more family-friendly stuff but when you
look at these see they had a show on CBS
that then joined the other CW shows that
aren't even connected to the Gotham show
that's on Fox which also isn't connected
to the new live-action Teen Titans show
that's coming out on a completely new
streaming site so having three different
Teen Titans shows all running at once
yeah sure why not honestly what really
matters is that they're just keeping the
light heartedness that makes the Titans
the lovable team that they are
how thank you guys for checking out this
video I'm curious to know your thoughts
I didn't think the movie was funny
there's there's a lot of moments in
there where I'm like yo I am NOT sober
enough to be watching this movie
especially if you're not a kid but I do
think it's enjoyable I'm curious to see
what happens if they do bring back the
original Teen Titans I think that would
be really cool I don't know how
confusing it will be I mean we were
getting used to you know yeah Spider Man
one year the next year is played by a
different dude I think people catch on
but we haven't necessarily had to Spider
Man movies at the same time or two
television shows about the same here I
mean I guess there's Krypton and then
there's the Supergirl one going on I
really you know more content whatever
one of them is bound to be good I'll
enjoy I already know the og Teen Titans
was good so I don't know we'll see I'm
curious to know your thoughts definitely
let me know down below in the comment
section don't forget to comment like and
subscribe and we won't f Batman